- On the dashboard remove the option to see All Users. We should only see My Recruits.

- Each user should have one referral code assigned to them. When the user visits the dashboard, if the referral code doesn't exist, create it. If multiple referral codes exist, it doesn't matter which is used so pick the first one. This code should be able to be copied from the dashboard on the profile on the left. Replace the "Referral Codes" with this copyable code. Users should have a static referral code assigned to them and shouldn't be able to add or delete referral codes. Remove the /referrals page. It should be clear to the user that they are meant to copy and paste this code somewhere else like an e-mail or text message.

- Pending Invitations should be another table on the dashboard underneath Recruit Heirarchy. Users should be able to create, update and delete pending invitations. For now, a user should not be able to nominate credits via an invitation, but this will change in the future so keep this functionality in the database. The Pending invitations table should have a referral link that can by copied by a user.

- I'm proposing a major database refactor. I want to Combine credit nomination, credit transaction, and invitation credit into a single table called credit transaction. The columns in credit transaction should be: id, userId, nominatorId, amount, description, category, status, rejectionReason, approverId, createdAt, updatedAt. Credits will always be linked to a user. 
I want to combine invitation, user and referral code into a single table called user. The columns should be ide, name, email (optional), sponsorId (optional), preferredDisplayName (optional), role, status, bio (optional), location (optional), joinedAt, referralCode, claimUserCode, createdAt, updatedAt, clerkId (optional). Each user will have one referral code.
The database can be deleted and regenerated since we are still in development. Look through the existing requirements and existing structure of the website, then find what needs to be changed and document it in a refactor.md file. List all of the problems you see with this proposed refactor of the database and create a list of questions in the refactor.md file as well as a list of suggested answers. Make recommendations for the overall structure of the website. Find problems that i'm not considering and propose solutions.